Add `task-configs` API docs, shift `run-tasks` to `tasks` route (#2695)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/tasks/tasks.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This section looks identical to what's above.  As long as we're in here, let's remove it.

[JSON API Schema document]: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/blob/main/website/public/schema/run-tasks/runtask-results.json

# Tasks API reference

> [Tasks](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks) allow HCP Terraform workspaces interact with external systems at specific points in the HCP Terraform run lifecycle. Tasks are reusable configurations that you can associate to any workspace in an organization. This page lists the API endpoints for tasks in an organization and explains how to associate tasks to workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tasks](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks) allow HCP Terraform workspaces to interact with external systems at specific points in the HCP Terraform run lifecycle. Tasks are reusable configurations that you can associate to any workspace in an organization. This page lists the API endpoints for tasks in an organization and explains how to associate tasks to workspaces.
```

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->
@include 'tfc-package-callouts/run-tasks.mdx'
<!-- END: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->

Refer to [tasks Integration](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/tasks/run-tasks-integration) for the API endpoints related triggering tasks and the expected integration response.

## Required Permissions

To interact with tasks on an organization, you need the [Manage Run Tasks permission](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions/organization#manage-run-tasks). To associate or dissociate tasks in a workspace, you need the [Manage Workspace Run Tasks permission](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions/workspace#manage-workspace-run-tasks) on that particular workspace.

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

> ## Create a Task

Reviewer: Please sentence-case headings in this file as well.

| `data.attributes.description`                            | string |         | The description of the task. Can be up to 300 characters long including spaces, letters, numbers, and special characters.                                                                     |
| `data.attributes.category`                               | string |         | Must be `"task"`.                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `data.attributes.hmac-key`                               | string |         | (Optional) HMAC key to verify task.                                                                                                                                                           |
| `data.attributes.enabled`                                | bool   | true    | (Optional) Whether the task will be run.                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `data.attributes.global-configuration | object |  | (Optional) The global configuration object. Is ignored if a `task-configs` relationship is present. If a `task-configs` relationship is not present, it will create a Task configuration owned by the organization. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.global-configuration` | object |  | (Optional) The global configuration object. Ignored if a `task-configs` relationship is present. If a `task-configs` relationship is not present, it will create a Task configuration owned by the organization. |
```

| `data.relationships.task-configs.data.relationships.projects.data` | list of objects |  | Specifies a list of projects to associated to the task configuration. See: [Global vs Targeted Configurations](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/tasks/task-configs#global-vs-targeted-configurations) |
| `data.relationships.task-configs.data.relationships.projects.data.type` | string |  | Must be `projects` for each object. |
| `data.relationships.task-configs.data.relationships.projects.data.id` | string |  | The id of the project to associate. |

### Sample payload

```json
{
  "data": {
    "type": "tasks",
    "attributes": {
      "name": "example",
      "url": "http://example.com",
      "description": "Simple description",
      "hmac_key": "secret",
      "enabled": "true",
      "category": "task"
    },
    "relationships": {
      "agent-pool": {
        "data": {
          "id": "apool-yoGUFz5zcRMMz53i",
          "type": "agent-pools"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> _With task configuration_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request includes a task configuration.
```

  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/tasks/task-7oD7doVTQdAFnMLV
```

## Associate a Task to a Workspace

`POST /workspaces/:workspace_id/tasks`

| Parameter       | Description              |
| --------------- | ------------------------ |
| `:workspace_id` | The ID of the workspace. |

This endpoint associates an existing task to a specific workspace.

This involves setting the task enforcement level, which determines whether the task blocks runs from completing.

> - Advisory tasks can not block a run from completing. If the task fails, the run will proceed with a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Advisory tasks cannot block a run from completing. If the task fails, the run will proceed with a warning.
```
